>> Speaker 1: Folk, we have in one, two,
three lines of JavaScript
built an entire server.
Because in JavaScript,
all the black stuff's JavaScript,
there's not many words done in black.
All the purple stuff is built in Node
features and damn, look at that.
It has a function that's gonna auto run.
It has auto insert
data arguments.
It has auto inserted arguments
that it automatically made and
it threw them into
the function that's auto run.
So that we had access to the incoming
data from the incoming message, and
access to the outgoing
message to add data to it.
The tweets or in this case a very boring
message from the Twitter via the object
that gets passed in.
Which has a bunch of functions,
that when run,
here we are executing the end function.
Executing it, doing it, is going to give
us back access to this message here and
send that message back.
Folk, this is the absolute
essence of node.
And we gonna see again,
and again and again.
There is nothing else in this language.
Whenever we use a background
computer internal feature,
it could be the file system.
It could be the Open Network socket.
It could be other features
of the computer itself.
Every time,
we're going to use a built in label
that sets up the node c plus plus feature
that has access to the background feature.
We're going to need to add
a function that node will auto run,
whenever the background
feature gets activity.
Or if we're getting a file, for
example, when the file gets into node,
out of the file system,
out of the a function that will auto run.
We're then gonna need to design that
function such that it's ready to
receive incoming data,
function said outgoing data,
ready to receive the auto created and
auto inserted data that's relevant.
In this case it's the input data, or
the Sarah Rose's Max request data,
and a bunch of functions in this
case that allow us to access node
again with specific responses
to send back to Sarah Rose.
We're gonna do this again,
and again, and again, people